is a story of great coaches that of the difficult to draft one
classifies without hurting anyone but surely close to everyone
results and personality the wizard helenio herrera the artifice together with the
president moratti great star born in argentina from spanish parents
grew up in poverty in morocco herrera had a great ambition that of
being able to pull away from that suffering world where he was born and raised
a life of his that led him to reap success first in spain and then
in Italy where he introduced a new mentality
until then football was made by enthusiasts who had a vision
almost professional signs of the game
he was the first to introduce the concept of professionalism by emphasizing
figure of the coach who thus became the sole owner of the team
from which he demanded method and discipline
herrera prepare his players according to precise deep patterns
psycho-athletic beliefs c
his philosophy was to never give up his team imposed by
believe that you are always the strongest
and thanks to his theories to the excellent hunters he had with the inter
won three championships two champions cups and two intercontinental cups numbers that
they speak for themselves an amazing career that made him become one
the coach of the coaches
in second place of this special ranking of the top 11 coaches finds
space art adobe x Hungarian technician that in Italy was successful first with
inter and then with bologna
he was the discoverer of giuseppe meazza and was one of the main architects of the scudetto
won in 1900 37 by the Ambrosian inter
unfortunately in 1928 due to the racial laws due to its Jewish origins it was
forced to leave Italy and find refuge in Paris but since then
a sad flight begins which ended in the Auschwitz camp, where unfortunately
atrociously I find death scrupulously reserved on January 31st 1944 and much
prepared bay sua was a man to whom it was difficult not to love a
coach who left everywhere has left a mark
another great Nerazzurri technician was the legendary Giovanni Trapattoni
one of the most titled European coaches landed at home inter
season 86 87 within two years the Milanese team carries the scudetto but
above all it builds the interrail of the records that in the championship 88 89
wins the tournament by breaking all the records and winning the beauty of 58
points
in the course of his experience as an Inter lasted until 1991 he wins contains i
even a league super cup is an uefa cup of those years
he plays by heart the conjugate show the cynicism trapattoni succeeds in shaping i
players according to his football dictates organize a great defense
that you have in tergi bergomi sounds bold was the architect of
unforgettable Nerazzurri successes considered as trapattoni a
catenacciaro also alfredo foni as his illustrious colleague won Inter.
having the reputation of being in deep inside is that
sheets with the Nerazzurri won two badges of 52 53 n 53 54
despite a thousand controversies he was an innovator of the referee armano football
first inventing the new tactical diana the football purists were
opposed to his ideas but had to surrender before his victories
in this special classification, purpose 11 cannot miss a mention also for
roberto mancini
extraordinary Nerazzurri coach since the 2004 2005 season his
business card was immediately the conquest of a cup italy at his
first year on the bench of the inter came then the victories of the championships
of another Italian cup and a supercup of the league
elegant shore lovers as a player state lan pham por says about Italian football but
even as a coach he burned the stages with a delicious technique as well as
always been a champion ball and chain has always had a great one
dowry game vision confirmed in his career as roberto coach
mancini is a typical figure in the world of football because it represents a bit
the manager coach encompasses the best and not by chance is one of the
highest paid coaches of Italian football the man capable of taking
uncomfortable decisions open a cycle of victories all inter moratti